I hope you're ready it'll be here any
minute got a rifle you didn't know what
a rifle looks like it did swords were
your thing and gun for mine but I guess
we both doing guns now I just didn't
know that absence I see it within you
there jealousy betrayal is it our duty
to cleanse the universe of this weakness
you know they told me you people were
conceited douchebags but that isn't true
at all
dude I'm using my wrong I put your
seatbelt on
so it's saving the galaxy again we're
really gonna be able to jack up our
price it for two-time galaxy Davis
you
[Music]
sometimes the thing you're searching for
your whole life
it's right there by your side all alone
you're right you do with your family
looks familiar
after all these years I've found you and
who the hell are you I'm your dad